hi p.m. dinner here many of you know
that I just published my second book
effective sales enablement in the end of
October guess what I have received
positive and negative comments by those
who read the book thank you so much for
sharing your thoughts with me
I would like to take this opportunity to
address three comments number one your
book talked about many topics but it
doesn't seems to be a focus number two I
was looking for how-to templates but I
didn't seem a me number three there are
many ideas it's overwhelming
okay so I want to address all three of
them number one comments your book talks
about many topic it doesn't seems to be
focus all right great point sales
enablement is still evolving and the
morphing and the marketing can support
sales in multiple different way
depending on your jobs rows and the
responsibilities so in the way marketing
is very situational and dynamic so I
want to make sure I created a book or
wrote a book that cover as many topics
as possible so no matter who picks up
the book I'm talking about the marketers
and they will find something useful if
that perceived to be lack of focus my
most sincere apologies all right number
two comment I was looking for how-to
templates an IBM AMI another great point
the book was written for marketers who
understand the foundations of a sales
and the marketing and then my goal is
try to elevate your knowledge and the
connect a different marketing dots and
also different sales stats and is not
intended to provide a lot of how-to
templates I did have a lot of how-to
steps four key topics but you are right
there's not a lot of how-to templates in
the book
if you have a specific situation that
you want to address and you need a
template for what let me know I will see
what I can do
based on my experience of creating
templates templates tend to be
situational based all right number three
there are many ideas is overwhelming I
know I wrote the book I also detailed
the outline of each chapter in a preface
I would suggest that you read kind of
like the chapter outline first and then
determine which chapter that is relevant
to you this book is not structured that
you have to refund back to back you can
jump around and you can focus on the
chapters that actually works for you
does that make sense so no we no need to
read a chapter from back to back and I
actually receive another comments that
was interesting it was posted on the
Facebook
hey why if I'm not mocking well this
book be say useful I wrote this book
with a specific target audience in mind
and that's a b2b sales and a marketing
professional so if you are 90 to be you
online sales and you are not marketing
um this book may be useful may not be so
it's totally up to you it's your call
but like I said I wrote this book with a
specific target audience in mind and
that's a b2b sales and a marketing
professional feel free to read
additional comments on Amazon and if you
have any questions any questions please
reach out to me I'll see what I can do I
know all of you are hustling and working
very very hard so don't forget to take a
break okay
talk to you soon bye bye